DROP TABLE IF EXISTS Event
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS Event(eventID int Primary Key not Null, commandID int not null, description text);
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(1, 1, 'As you try to move you realize it is very hard to do so when your feet are floating.|Your legs and arms flail pointlessly outward from your torso, bumping into surfaces on all sides.|You feel as if you are moving through jelly.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(2, 2, 'You feel around you. Your right hand discovers a small bulbous protrusion that could conceivably be a button of some sort.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(3, 3, 'You feel around you. Your right hand discovers a small bulbous protrusion that could conceivably be a button of some sort.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(4, 6, 'You attempt to pull yourself up by your bootstraps. You have no boots on, so you grab your heels and yank hard.|You drift slowly backward and bang the back of your head on a hard surface. You wonder vaguely why you have not suffocated to death.|This makes you aware again that you are not breathing, and your lungs begin burning as panic overcomes your senses.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(5, 7, 'You attempt to pull yourself up by your bootstraps. You have no boots on, so you grab your heels and yank hard.|You drift slowly backward and bang the back of your head on a hard surface. You wonder vaguely why you have not suffocated to death.|This makes you aware again that you are not breathing, and your lungs begin burning as panic overcomes your senses.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(6, 8, 'You attempt to pull yourself up by your bootstraps. You have no boots on, so you grab your heels and yank hard.|You drift slowly backward and bang the back of your head on a hard surface. You wonder vaguely why you have not suffocated to death.|This makes you aware again that you are not breathing, and your lungs begin burning as panic overcomes your senses.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(7, 9, 'You can’t see anything!');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(8, 10, 'You feel around you. Your right hand discovers a small bulbous protrusion that could conceivably be a button of some sort.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(9, 11, 'You float over to the sliding doors and try to open them. They do not budge. Either there is not enough power, or they are simply too damaged to open.|There is a gap between the doors that you could probably move through if you tried, though.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(10, 12, 'This is the pod you oozed out of. It still slowly leaks cryogenic fluid, adding to the slimy droplets floating around the room.|On the bottom edge of the opening, you can see a digital counter indicating the time you were under.|You were in stasis for 3 months, 16 days, 5 hours, and 43 minutes.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(11, 13, 'This is the pod you oozed out of. It still slowly leaks cryogenic fluid, adding to the slimy droplets floating around the room.|On the bottom edge of the opening, you can see a digital counter indicating the time you were under.|You were in stasis for 3 months, 16 days, 5 hours, and 43 minutes.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(12, 14, 'This is the pod you oozed out of. It still slowly leaks cryogenic fluid, adding to the slimy droplets floating around the room.|On the bottom edge of the opening, you can see a digital counter indicating the time you were under.|You were in stasis for 3 months, 16 days, 5 hours, and 43 minutes.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(13, 15, 'This is the pod you oozed out of. It still slowly leaks cryogenic fluid, adding to the slimy droplets floating around the room.|On the bottom edge of the opening, you can see a digital counter indicating the time you were under. You were in stasis for 3 months, 16 days, 5 hours, and 43 minutes.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(14, 17, 'The bucket contains a mop and a rag and a bottle of cleaning spray.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(15, 18, 'The bucket contains a mop and a rag and a bottle of cleaning spray.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(16, 19, 'The bucket contains a mop and a rag and a bottle of cleaning spray.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(17, 22, 'You pick up the bottle of cleaning spray. Looking at it briefly, a yellow warning label catches your eye:|“Warning: Pressurized. Bottle may explode if exposed to high temperatures.”');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(18, 32, null);
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(19, 46, '');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(20, 47, 'You can’t make out any details without more light.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(21, 48, 'You make your way to the back of the room toward the dark shape on the ground. As you get near it, you bump into something hard and lose your balance.|You hurtle forward into the dark shape. Something sharp jams into your chest and you bleed out. [GAME OVER]');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(22, 49, 'You make your way to the back of the room toward the dark shape on the ground. As you get near it, you bump into something hard and lose your balance.|You hurtle forward into the dark shape. Something sharp jams into your chest and you bleed out. [GAME OVER]');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(23, 50, 'You feel around the shelves with your hands and find some sort of book and a cold, hard tube of some kind.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(24, 51, 'You feel around the shelves with your hands and find some sort of book and a cold, hard tube of some kind.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(25, 54, 'It looks like a pretty standard airlock; a square box with two sets of doors so air can be vented for safe entry to and exit from the ship. |The letters ‘A-03F’ are painted above the door.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(26, 55, 'This is a standard SD-7487 model security droid. The droid seems to be following a programmed path as it patrols the Terrarium.|It seems quite docile, and entirely unperturbed by the mess around it. Even with the plant growth,|the magnetic actuators in its legs allow it to walk in the zero-gravity environment.|You find yourself wishing you could do the same – all this floating around is kind of nauseating.|Some of the metal plates on its chest are damaged, showing exposed wires and its power core, but it seems to be functioning just fine.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(27, 56, 'This is a standard SD-7487 model security droid. The droid seems to be following a programmed path as it patrols the Terrarium.|It seems quite docile, and entirely unperturbed by the mess around it. Even with the plant growth,|the magnetic actuators in its legs allow it to walk in the zero-gravity environment.|You find yourself wishing you could do the same – all this floating around is kind of nauseating.|Some of the metal plates on its chest are damaged, showing exposed wires and its power core, but it seems to be functioning just fine.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(28, 57, 'As you use the blowtorch, the glass melts away. The flames create a hole large enough to climb through. ');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(29, 58, 'The door will not open.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(30, 61, 'You open the door. Without a spacesuit on, the air is immediately sucked from your lungs, and you are killed almost instantly by the vacuum of space. [GAME OVER]#You float peacefully through the open airlock, soaking in the beauty of space. As you gaze upon the stars you can see the ship getting smaller in the distance. After a while your oxygen tank runs out and you suffocate to death. [GAME OVER]');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(31, 63, 'Strapped to the table is a dead crew member. It looks as if he died while medical personnel were trying to save his life.|He has a splint on his right arm and a bullet wound in his chest.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(32, 64, 'Strapped to the table is a dead crew member. It looks as if he died while medical personnel were trying to save his life.|He has a splint on his right arm and a bullet wound in his chest.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(33, 65, 'Bloody bandages and scalpels litter the cart, along with other medical equipment, mostly for surgery.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(34, 66, 'Bloody bandages and scalpels litter the cart, along with other medical equipment, mostly for surgery.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(35, 67, 'You can’t think of any use for the equipment here. You find a bloody piece of paper, probably taken from the last patient who was operated on. It reads,|“Gregorie, you’ve been doing great work keeping that engine room in top shape. I know you want to make a good impression for Tom and the Cap,|but you’ve gotta know your limits! Next time you’re thinking about pulling a stunt like that, just don’t.|Anyway, they’ll fix up your arm in medical and you’ll be strong as a gas giant in no time. When you get back, I stowed a little something away for you,|in the usual spot behind the pipes. You’re welcome. – S.”');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(36, 68, 'You can’t think of any use for the equipment here. You find a bloody piece of paper, probably taken from the last patient who was operated on. It reads,|“Gregorie, you’ve been doing great work keeping that engine room in top shape. I know you want to make a good impression for Tom and the Cap,|but you’ve gotta know your limits! Next time you’re thinking about pulling a stunt like that, just don’t.|Anyway, they’ll fix up your arm in medical and you’ll be strong as a gas giant in no time. When you get back, I stowed a little something away for you,|in the usual spot behind the pipes. You’re welcome. – S.”');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(37, 69, 'You look through the cabinets and find a tranquilizer gun inside along with several syringes you recognize as tranquilizers.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(38, 70, 'You take the tranquilizer gun and load the syringes into it. ');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(39, 71, 'You take the tranquilizer gun and load the syringes into it. ');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(40, 72, 'You take the tranquilizer gun and load the syringes into it. ');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(41, 75, 'Since there’s no one to stop you, you start digging through the crew’s personal belongings. You come across a journal entry from one of the crew members:|“… What a day! Thought it was gonna be another boring day of being yelled at and waiting for our gas hauler to get back to port, but this has got to be a first.|Here I am, minding my own business when the captain come storming down the hallway from the Cryo Chamber screaming about some kid |who installed a power cell backward. Caused a power cascade that shut down the whole floor and left Cap stuck in an elevator for four hours.|Cap says every hour of his time is worth a month of anyone else’s,|so he’s locked off the cryo pods until we port and – get this – he put the lucky soul to sleep until we’re home!|What I wouldn’t give to be asleep until we dock in 4 months! Now I’ll be the one working overtime in Engine Control to reset that power cell.|When that kid gets outta cryo he’s gonna pay… big time!”');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(42, 76, 'Since there’s no one to stop you, you start digging through the crew’s personal belongings. You come across a journal entry from one of the crew members:|“… What a day! Thought it was gonna be another boring day of being yelled at and waiting for our gas hauler to get back to port, but this has got to be a first.|Here I am, minding my own business when the captain come storming down the hallway from the Cryo Chamber screaming about some kid |who installed a power cell backward. Caused a power cascade that shut down the whole floor and left Cap stuck in an elevator for four hours.|Cap says every hour of his time is worth a month of anyone else’s,|so he’s locked off the cryo pods until we port and – get this – he put the lucky soul to sleep until we’re home!|What I wouldn’t give to be asleep until we dock in 4 months! Now I’ll be the one working overtime in Engine Control to reset that power cell.|When that kid gets outta cryo he’s gonna pay… big time!”');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(43, 77, 'You take the journal, determined to ensure that no one else gets the chance to read it.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(44, 78, 'You read the journal:“… What a day! Thought it was gonna be another boring day of being yelled at and waiting for our gas hauler to get back to port,|but this has got to be a first. Here I am, minding my own business when the captain come storming down the hallway from the Cryo Chamber screaming about some kid|who installed a power cell backward. Caused a power cascade that shut down the whole floor and left Cap stuck in an elevator for four hours.|Cap says every hour of his time is worth a month of anyone else’s, so he’s locked off the cryo pods until |we port and – get this – he put the lucky soul to sleep until we’re home! What I wouldn’t give to be asleep until we dock in 4 months!|Now I’ll be the one working overtime in Engine Control to reset that power cell. When that kid gets outta cryo he’s gonna pay… big time!”');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(45, 83, 'You attempt to open the door to the floor control room, but it refuses to open. It seems to be locked.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(46, 86, 'Yup. Looks like a power cell.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(47, 87, 'Yup. Feels like a power cell.');
INSERT INTO Event(eventID, commandID, description) Values(48, 100, 'On closer inspection, you do see some cans of food that are probably still fresh. |Cryo-sleep surprisingly did not leave you hungry, so you decide to leave them for now.');